Python preparing to code (#124)
Ada-Developers-Academy/jump-start: preparing-to-code/keyboard-navigation/README.md

| Button    | Mac Symbol | How To Remember It                                                                                      |
| --------- | :--------: | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Command   |     ⌘      | Ah, here's where I left those four robots I can command to open menus / do other computer stuff for me. |
| Option    |     ⌥      | Sliding down a bookcase lined with options & picking the first one that looks good.                     |
| Control   |     ⌃      | The magic button I need to press to gain control of a robot.                                            |
| Shift     |     ⇧      | Hey, you short lowercase letter, come up here!                                                          |
| Caps Lock |     ⇪      | And stay up! Here's a box to help. You can stand on it. :)                                              |

## Common Hotkeys that will save your life

### Text Editing Keyboard Combinations

Below are a series of keyboard shortcuts that will help you in a text-editor writing code.

> | Hot Key Combo              |           Mac Symbols           | What It Does                                                 |
> | -------------------------- | :-----------------------------: | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
> | Command-s                  |             `⌘ + s`             | Save code in the text editor!  **Do this a lot!**            |
> | Command-c                  |             `⌘ + c`             | Copy the text currently highlighted (ctrl-c in windows).     |
> | Command-x                  |             `⌘ + x`             | Remove the text highlighted and save it in the clipboard.    |
> | Command-v                  |             `⌘ + v`             | Paste last copied content from clipboard.                    |
> | Command-z                  |             `⌘ + z`             | Undo the last action (repeat to undo multiple things).       |
> | Command-shift-z            |           `⌘ + ⇧ + z`           | Redo the last undo.                                          |
> | Command-a                  |             `⌘ + a`             | Select everything in the window.                             |
> | Command-l                  |             `⌘ + l`             | Select the current line.                                     |
> | Command-Arrow              |    `⌘ + <directional arrow>`    | Move the cursor to the maximum point in the given direction. |
> | Option-left-or-right-arrow |   `⌥ + <left or right arrow`    | Move the cursor one word in either direction                 |
> | Shift-Arrow                | `⇧ + <cursor movement command>` | Highlight from the start and end of the cursor               |

Reviewer: It's a clearer if we use the `<kbd>` tag to indicate buttons.  Also, we wrote "ctrl" and "cmd" in other parts of JumpStart so probably want to normalize to these longer ones.

```suggestion
| Hot Key Combo                                        |           Mac Symbols           | What It Does                                                 |
| ---------------------------------------------------- | :-----------------------------: | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| <kbd>Command</kbd> + <kbd>s</kbd>                    |             `⌘ + s`             | Save code in the text editor!  **Do this a lot!**            |
| <kbd>Command</kbd> + <kbd>c</kbd>                    |             `⌘ + c`             | Copy the text currently highlighted (ctrl-c in windows).     |
| <kbd>Command</kbd> + <kbd>x</kbd>                    |             `⌘ + x`             | Remove the text highlighted and save it in the clipboard.    |
| <kbd>Command</kbd> + <kbd>v</kbd>                    |             `⌘ + v`             | Paste last copied content from clipboard.                    |
| <kbd>Command</kbd> + <kbd>z</kbd>                    |             `⌘ + z`             | Undo the last action (repeat to undo multiple things).       |
| <kbd>Command</kbd> + <kbd>shift</kbd> + <kbd>z</kbd> |           `⌘ + ⇧ + z`           | Redo the last undo.                                          |
| <kbd>Command</kbd> + <kbd>a</kbd>                    |             `⌘ + a`             | Select everything in the window.                             |
| <kbd>Command<kbd> + <kbd>l</kbd>                     |             `⌘ + l`             | Select the current line.                                     |
| <kbd>Command</kbd> + any arrow key                   |    `⌘ + <any arrow>`         | Move the cursor to the maximum point in the given direction. |
| <kbd>Option</kbd> left or right arrow key            |   `⌥ + <left or right arrow>`    | Move the cursor one word in either direction                 |
| <kbd>Shift</kbd> + any arrow key                     | `⇧ + <any arrow>`            | Highlight from the start and  end of the cursor              |
```

| Command-n                  |   `⌘ + n`   | Opens a new window (or file depending on the application).                                                                                                                                |
| Command-t                  |   `⌘ + t`   | Opens a new tab in a browser                                                                                                                                                              |
| Command-r                  |   `⌘ + r`   | Reloads the page in a browser                                                                                                                                                             |
| Command-comma              |   `⌘ + ,`   | Opens an app's preferences page.                                                                                                                                                          |
| Command-/                  |   `⌘ + /`   | Make either the current line or a selection of text a comment (text editors like VS Code & Atom only)                                                                                     |

> | Control-Command-f          | `^ + ⌘ + f` | Fullscreen                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: You should do a similar thing here but composing the suggestion in the comment window is a PITA so I will leave that for you to do in an editor.

## A Word About Mice

> Steve Jobs had a [weird thing](http://www.cultofmac.com/269222/steve-jobs-hated-idea-multi-button-mouse-designer-claims/) about single-button mice. Right-click is disabled on macs by default, but you can turn it on via the following steps:

Reviewer: Huh, I always just use two finger click.

Author: Me too, but some people transitioning from windows like this.

    1. Refresh the web page
    1. Quit out of the web browser (don't just close the tabs, close the whole application)
1. Use Spotlight to open Finder, web browser, system preferences and then switch between all three applications

## Split Screen

When you write code on a laptop, it is often important to be able to see documentation and code side-by-side. The latest version of Mac OS allows you to do this without any additional apps. Apps like [Rectangle](https://rectangleapp.com/) will give you even more control over this, if desired.

> ![Terminal & VS Code Side-by-side](images/terminal-vs-code.png)

Reviewer 2: Broken image.

### Screenshot Keyboard Shotcuts

Screenshots on a Mac are very cool. By default, they save a file to the desktop. If you add Control (⌃) to the shortcut, the screenshot will be copied to the clipboard instead.

| Behavior / PC Key                                         | Mac Keyboard Shortcut                           | In Symbols!                        |
| --------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------- |
| Print Screen (full screen, saved to desktop)              | Command + Shift + 3                             | ⌘⇧3 (⌘#)                           |
| Print Screen (full screen, copied to clipboard)           | Control + Command + Shift + 3                   | ⌃⌘⇧3 (⌃⌘#)                         |
| Print Screen (select area, saved to desktop)              | Command + Shift + 4                             | ⌘⇧4 (⌘$)                           |
| Print Screen (select area, copied to clipboard)           | Control + Command + Shift + 4                   | ⌃⌘⇧4 (⌃⌘$)                         |

> | Print Screen (application window, PC: Alt + Print Screen) | Command + Shift + 4, Space-bar, Click on Window | ⌘⇧4 (⌘$), {Space}, Click on Window |

Reviewer: See above regarding using `<kbd>` fancyness.
